 Maria fights to do what’s right for Washingtonians.
She knows too many Washington families struggle to get by. Maria
has worked to help create family-wage jobs and prepare America’s
workforce for 21st century innovation. She has passed laws to
help our agriculture, aviation, maritime, fishing, and bustling port
economies.
Housing costs are skyrocketing. That’s why Maria successfully worked
across the aisle to increase federal incentives to build more affordable
housing. She fought to save the Affordable Care Act. Maria kept
her promise to protect Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. She
supported new laws to ensure veterans receive the healthcare they
deserve. Maria believes prescription drugs should be affordable and
pharmaceutical companies should be held accountable for flooding
communities with addictive painkillers and she helped secure
increased funding for law enforcement and treatment.
Making the dream of college education more affordable, Maria
supports increasing Pell grants, allowing students to refinance loans,
and she helped pass a 21st Century GI Bill to expand educational
opportunities for veterans. Washington leads in aerospace and
manufacturing trades. That’s why Maria’s bipartisan legislation creates
the first federal tax incentive for apprenticeships - retraining
veterans
and laid-off workers at community colleges.
Maria helps grow Washington’s tech industry by fighting for Net
Neutrality and cybersecurity.
First responders are heroes who need support. Maria fought for
wildfire funding focusing on prevention, protecting lives, and growing
rural jobs. A vibrant outdoor economy supports rural communities.
Maria led the charge to stop fee hikes in our National Parks and
prevented oil exploration off Washington’s coasts. She believes in
state tax deductibility. Congress, like small business, needs to live
within its means. Maria believes PAYGO measures fight our deficit.
Our American values are being challenged. We need to keep Maria in
the other Washington fighting for our Washington values
