Federal Communications Commission’s (FCC) forced roll
out of 5G wireless technology forces cell tower transceivers in front
of every 2 -12 homes emitting more high density, high frequency
wireless Radio Frequency (RF) Millimeter Wave (MMW) and Microwave
Radiation (MWR) (...24Ghz - 90Ghz...).
Wireless radiation is proven harmful. Cancers, neurological diseases,
immune system disorders, and infertility will increase near 5G
transceivers (google: 5G Scientist Appeal). Decades of studies show RF
Radiation has sub-thermal biological effects below current guidelines
(google: Naval Medical Research Institute 1972).
1996 Telecommunications Act section 704 is used to ban you and
local governments from considering your health and safety in cell
transceiver placements near your home. Why would they ban looking
at health effects if there were no health effects?
We’re allowing industry controlled FCC to microwave poison our
children, families, homes, workplaces... (google: microwave sickness
webster’s). We must stop deployment of these deadly 5G cell tower
transceivers (google: press democrat Verizon antennas). Enough’s
Enough!
Big wireless, Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association, their
lobby group, industry captured FCC, Senator Thune must be held
responsible for suffering, disease, and death they have caused as a
result of wireless radiation exposure (Google: FCC Captured Agency
Harvard).
25 million dollar US National Toxicology Program study & Ramazzini
Institute study show clear evidence wireless radiation can cause
cancer below FCC exposure guidelines. There is a safe alternative
to 5G. Fiber optics run all the way to the home offers much faster
speeds, cyber security, privacy and avoids harmful wireless microwave
millimeter waves, but with 5G, wireless companies collect personal
data and sell it. There’s a new two party system: Representatives
representing corporate interests and those representing the public’s
interest. I represent the public’s interest and swear to protect the
health and well-being of all Washingtonians. Vote RC Smith for Senate.
